The Idea of this bot started on 4/5/22 is for me to learn about some stuff and make a cool bot

SO basically the Idea of this is to take information from a players osu! account and make a pokemon card out of it...
easier said than done.
I will pull information from a players plays or user json provided using osu! API
my current idea for creating the card is to Edit a JSON given by the TCG API and it will be able to print a card from there
Alternatively I don't really have Ideas but maybe make a preset that will fill in the information that I pull
Users will enter their user ID (hopefully will be able to enter name once I figure that out) Into discord using yvy or whatever if I make a new bot
and the bot will print out either a link to their card or hopefully just their card appear in the channel IDK what I want yet


4/10/22
I have written the code for pulling data from the osu api and storing it in variables. I at first did this horribly so with some help I refactored this into a
OOP style thing and it works much better, albeit fractionally slower.

Update 4/17/22
    So the pokemon TCG thing doesn't allow you to make images based on information provided so I'll take a weekend after school is out and learn how to use Flask
    I'll make the card with CSS and HTML beforehand so I can just do it in parts

    What I'm working on currently though is using the discord bot to store discord users information alongside their osu account so commands are not repetitive. 
        -I need to write to a json and read from it
        -I need to handle if a user changes their name or numbers. 
        -I need for it to save when I end my session. 


4/20/22
    I decided against using Json as it's not super scalable but instead using mongoDB and learning how to use that stuff for this project. 
    Maybe not needed for how little likely users im going to have, but I will implement this into its own class and have the discord bot call it. 


4/28/22
    Adding more info on plays and creating a recent play fucntion in Discord bot. Next plan of action is correctly implement mongoDB and then 
    refactor the Discord bot code

5/8/22
    Finished for now. I'm gunna learn how to put it on github now because VSCode comit is confusing to me... 
    There are still some features I would like to add right now but I need to move on to different projects. This is more of a learning experience than it is
    creating a bot people will use. There are already bots that do this much better than mine. 


I think for my next project I want to make a nice GUI for something with TKInter, or maybe a keylogger using python. 
I need to focus on work right now though and make this HTML module. 

First ever full project completed... This begins my journey. If I ever become a great programmer remember that It took me almost a year to even start 
my first project because I didn't think I knew enough. Jumping right into it though and having others to help me through the process is where I have learned 
more than on any tutorial I could find. 

All the best is to come so long as I keep enjoying this stuff. 

:)

Oh... I have to figure out how to keep this online. my own server or repl.it?